Add table oci_kms_vault. Closes #61 (#86)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-oci: docs/tables/oci_kms_vault.md

# Table: oci_kms_vault

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Vault is a managed service that lets you centrally manage the encryption keys that protect your data and the secret credentials that you use to securely access resources.

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select

>   id ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  id,
```

  display_name,
  lifecycle_state,
  time_created,
  crypto_endpoint,
  management_endpoint,
  vault_type
from
  oci_kms_vault;
```

> ### List of vaults where state is not active

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List vaults whose state is not active
```

```sql
select
  id,
  display_name,
  lifecycle_state,
  vault_type
from
  oci_kms_vault
where
  lifecycle_state <> 'ACTIVE';
```

> ### List of vaults where vault type is virtual private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List vaults with vault type as virtual private
```
